# The_Gamin_Room
software design document

Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?

Creative Technology Solutions took on the client The Gaming Room in order to develop a web-based game that serves multiple platforms based on their current game, Draw It or Lose It, which is currently available in an Android app only. They want to have many people on many teams accessing a large cache of images to use in a timed picture guessing game. They wanted to be able to add any number of players and teams to a game, that would be played across many platforms without having too many people accessing the same information. Names and teams needed to be individual in nature so an iterator was implemented to act similar to a pointer and parse user actions or inputs. I feel that I was able to organize and maintain the framework of the documentation for the report, there was a direct and concise route to the end of the project and I feel confident that my work met all requirements. I liked using the UML diagrams as I worked thorugh the project, it's something I'm not really thinking of usually, I mainly rely on psuedocode to get through the coding; I am now seeing the benefit of using both UML and psuedocode as I reference my lines of code. I would probably make sure that I was using UML diagrams more to begin with, I think that I had some trouble getting all the different connections settled in my head. For the most part the assignments provided a lot of direction and the rubrics filled in the gaps, so I would say that I will take away the key words that were bolded from the text so that I nknow what to look for in future projects. It is important to get a handle on interpereting customer needs from design documentations so that as a developer I can produce the correct output for the customer. I took a lot of time testing out how the iterator was supposed to work, it was similar to pointers which was good and bad since I had had trouble iwth pointers in the past, that being said I think that I will continue to familiarize myself with other commonplace 
